Add guidance for setting up emails with PGP (#826)
freedomofpress/securedrop-docs: docs/admin/installation/email_alerts.rst

Prepare email accounts for alerts
=================================

SecureDrop sends two different types of alerts by OpenPGP-encrypted email:

1. OSSEC alerts sent from the Monitor Server to the Administrator, which must be configured
2. Daily Journalist alerts sent from the Application Server to a Journalist, which is optional to configure

Before installing SecureDrop, you must have appropriate email addresses configured with OpenPGP encryption to receive these alerts. You may use pre-existing email addresses, or you may set up new ones dedicated to your SecureDrop.

In the case of OSSEC alerts, configuring an SMTP relay is also required. 

.. _pgp_encrypted_email:

Setting up an email addresses and PGP keys
------------------------------------------

OpenPGP-encrypted email requires the recipient to generate a PGP key pair, which consists of a private key and public key, and then distribute the public key. For the purposes of SecureDrop's OSSEC or Daily Journalist Alert emails, the public keys must be installed on the servers by an Administrator and the respective recipients must have an email client configured with the corresponding private key. 

> If you are not familiar with configuring OpenPGP-encrypted email yourself, listed below are a few easy options we recommend. Each of these options provide the ability to export (or "backup") the public key and view the key fingerprint, which are the two things you need to have on-hand for each alert type when installing or configuring the SecureDrop servers. 

Reviewer: Two tiny suggested changes here. One, I'm not a fan of using the word easy (especially to describe anything related to PGP-encrypted emails, haha). Two, I think the "or 'backup'" part is a bit confusing; in other cases, backing up a key usually refers to copying the secret key too. I think this would be better by omitting both:

```suggestion
If you are not familiar with configuring OpenPGP-encrypted email yourself, listed below are a few options we recommend. Each of these options provide the ability to export the public key and view the key fingerprint, which are the two things you need to have on-hand for each alert type when installing or configuring the SecureDrop servers. 
```

.. warning::

>   When exporting your *public key* to for use during SecureDrop installation, it is important to ensure you do not accidentally export your *private key*. 

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
  When exporting your *public key* for use during SecureDrop installation, it is important to ensure you do not accidentally export your *private key*. 
```

Mailvelope
~~~~~~~~~~

> `Mailvelope<https://mailvelope.com/>` is a browser extension that add PGP encryption to a variety of common web-based email clients, including Gmail/Google Workspace and Outlook/Microsoft 365. Mailvelope takes care of generating a PGP key pair if you do not already have one. 

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
`Mailvelope<https://mailvelope.com/>` is a browser extension that adds PGP encryption to a variety of common web-based email clients, including Gmail/Google Workspace and Outlook/Microsoft 365. Mailvelope takes care of generating a PGP key pair if you do not already have one. 
```

.. note::
  By default, Mailvelope will upload the public key to their own Mailvelope Key Server upon creation of the key pair. Unless you are using this key pair outside of receiving SecureDrop alerts, you should **uncheck** this option.

Thunderbird
~~~~~~~~~~~

The open-source cross-platform e-mail client `Thunderbird<https://www.thunderbird.net>` also provides built in support for PGP encryption, including `generating key pairs<https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/openpgp-thunderbird-howto-and-faq#w_i-have-never-used-openpgp-with-thunderbird-before-how-do-i-setup-openpgp>` and `exporting keys<https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/openpgp-thunderbird-howto-and-faq#w_how-can-i-export-my-secret-or-public-key>`. 

Proton Mail
~~~~~~~~~~~

Proton Mail is a privacy-focused e-mail provider that implements PGP encryption by default. Every Proton Mail account has a PGP key pair, and you can easily `export the public key<https://proton.me/support/download-public-private-key>`.

.. _daily_journalist_alerts:

Optional: Daily Journalist alerts
---------------------------------

> When a SecureDrop has little activity and receives only a few submissions every other week, checking daily only to find there is nothing is a burden. It is more convenient for *Journalists* to be notified daily via encrypted Daily Journalist Alert emails about whether or not there has been submission activity in the past 24 hours. If the email shows submissions were received, the *Journalist* can check their *Journalist Workstation*.

Reviewer: Hot take: it's no longer a burden with SecureDrop Inbox. Maybe we don't even need the Daily Journalist Alert emails?

But that is, as they say, a topic for another day.

   always be "Submissions in the past 24h". To find out whether there were
   submissions or not, a *Journalist* must decrypt the contents of the email.

> In the simplest case a *Journalist* will provides their email and PGP public key to

Reviewer: A typo that predates this PR

```suggestion
In the simplest case a *Journalist* will provide their email and PGP public key to
```

existing functions to the *Application Server* through an agent installed
on that server, covering monitoring for both machines.

> The SecureDrop installation process requires that you configure OSSEC email alerts. You need to supply several

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SecureDrop installation process requires that you configure OSSEC email alerts. You must supply several
```

RFC 2119-ified
